# Qualtrics-competition
Qualtrics is an organization that provides online platform to create and analyze surveys. This platform is utilized by companies from every industry to collect and monitor responses of their customers, employees, and stakeholders. 
In Fall 2021, Qualtrics organized a competition for Information Technology Management and Business Analytics students at the University of Texas at Dallas. 
They provided data on their clients which included- Sales data (Revenue made from each client), Marketing data (Different metrics associated by Qualtrics marketing team to each client), 
Platform Usage data (Metrics of various clients on the usage of Qualtrics platform) and Support data (Data on number of support issues raised by clients and time taken to resolve them). 
The objective was to provide insights that can help the company increase revenue.
I started with data cleaning and aggregation of various files. I used Python for this and combined different files after removing the missing entries. 
Then I used visualization tools (Power BI) to create exploratory time graphs of sales data, which indicated that 80% of the revenue was generated by top 10-15% of clients. 
I grouped these clients together and started monitoring metrics for this group and ultimately identified drastic differences between behavior of different revenue groups on platform usage using exploratory scatter plots.
Qualtrics_2nd_Prize.pptm file contains the final presentation with plots and insights. This presentation was presented to Data Governance head at Qualtrics and was awarded second place among 125 participants.
The data dictionary files explains the dataset and the .csv files contain the entire data. The power BI files are saved as (.pbix) and they can be downloaded and visualized on Power BI. 
